---
layout: page
permalink: /local/
title: "Travel & local information"
---

### Venue

The conference will take place in **Porter Hall 100** on CMU's campus.

### Conference map

A map for the conference is below, or [click here](https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/edit?mid=1CKk3H9ernqv9k9jTbWuNtDXwSiK8wJA&usp=sharing) to open in google maps.

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/d/embed?mid=1CKk3H9ernqv9k9jTbWuNtDXwSiK8wJA&ehbc=2E312F" style="width:100%; aspect-ratio:4/3"></iframe>

### Travel from the Airport

The cheapest way to get to Pittsburgh from the airport is the [28X bus
line](https://www.portauthority.org/pdfs/28X.pdf), which stops close to the CMU
campus (Stop MOREWOOD AVE AT FORBES AVE FS) and a 15-minute walk from the Hyatt
House (Stop FIFTH AVE OPP AIKEN AVE). Alternatively, you can arrive directly at
the Hyatt House from the airport by transferring from the 28X to one of several
other buses.

There is also the possibility to book a
[SuperShuttle](https://www.supershuttle.com/locations/pittsburgh-pit/) in
advance for around $40, which is a shared shuttle that can drop you off directly
at your accommodation.

Finally, the ride sharing services **Lyft** and **Uber** operate in Pittsburgh,
with prices for trips from the airport starting at around $40 and varying
throughout the day.

### Getting around in Pittsburgh

There are public buses in Pittsburgh; the fare is paid on entering the bus and
can be paid by $2.75 in cash (there is no change) or [via an app](https://www.rideprt.org/fares-and-passes/mobileticket/). If you need to change the bus
to get somewhere, you have to pay again. It is possible to get a bus card and
load it using a credit card at bus stations (≠ bus stop). A bus station in
Shadyside is [Negley
station](https://www.google.de/maps/place/East+Busway+at+Negley+Station+D/@40.4539493,-79.9350931,16.5z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x8834f212ef940167:0xac09c380df0b750f!8m2!3d40.4568!4d-79.932492).
You can also get a bus card from a machine at the airport. It is close to the
exit where the bus '28X' leaves.

Uber and Lyft are also good options to get around.

### Accomodation

We have reserved a number of rooms at the [Hyatt
House](https://www.hyatt.com/en-US/hotel/pennsylvania/hyatt-house-pittsburgh-bloomfield-shadyside/pitxp),
which is at a 30 minute walking distance from the conference venue
([map](https://goo.gl/maps/Czod8sxApR5nAzbE8)), at a reduced rate of **$119**
for a room with one king size bed, and **$149** per night for a room with two
queen size beds (suitable for sharing). Booking at these special rates is
accessible via [this
link](https://www.hyatt.com/en-US/hotel/pennsylvania/hyatt-house-pittsburgh-bloomfield-shadyside/pitxp?corp_id=G-CMUL).

### Dining options

The CMU website has a full list of [on campus dining locations](https://apps.studentaffairs.cmu.edu/dining/conceptinfo/?page=listConcepts) including opening times. There are also restaurants and cafés near to CMU campus in Oakland, including several on [Craig Street](https://goo.gl/maps/MBCsVWx9xeTkqwAz5).
